DAMN and you've been on here since 2009? That's some perserverance. Maybe I can help you with a couple channels you can learn from.
Small ytbers that defenitely make most of their money from trading with multiple years experience: Fat Cat, Neoh Yong(he has a lot of discretion), Ten Trading, Benny Lane, Scott Taylor FX( i trade his with some personal modifications I learned along the way, pretty easy to learn model tbh), Aaron Trades(also too discretionary and subjective for me, as it's support and resistance).
Potential bigger ytber options that seems they are legit but they do defenitely make more money from subscriptions: Micheal Bamber, WillsFX, Mack Gray, ProfitX.

If I were you I would check out first Benny Lane, he trades the 1h and above so you would have plentry of time to think before making a decision to get into a trade, then Scott Taylor FX (you would be taking trades on the 15m and have 4h as momentum outlooks, and Ten Trading on 5min but his strat looks very simplistic also. Tbh If you do not anything that you could see yourself trying from what I have written maybe it is time to stop and find something else in life to pursue.
And before anyone starts saying I am promoting some scammers, theses are the people I found that seem TO ME to have skills that are worth potentially learning from, based off of what they show, how they behave and opinions about their communities if they have one. I had to go through MOUNTAINS OF SHIT before coming across some of these people. I def can vouch for Scott Taylors strategy which works for me with personal changes (you can literally learn it in a week and then get out of the community after a month), and Noeh Yong who calls trades beforehand in his coumminity, but even tho one is profitable following him, the strat is too much based on experience and discretion so I'd rather learn to fish than have somebody giving me the fish.
Obviously you also have SMB Capital and Axia but for their courses you have to have a good sum of money. Hope i helped.
1
